I never met my father.
A NETFLIX SERIES
My grandma raised me in a Yucatan town.
We believe that those who die
at the hands of others
can't move on to their next life
until justice is done.
That's not a valid theory
for the authorities.
And forgive me, but the memories
of a four-year-old girl…
There's a witness.
My rescuer saw the man.
If an investigation is launched,
he could help them find him.
Counselor, my mother
guided me towards you for a reason.
Help me.
Why now? Why 20 years later?
I didn't have the courage
to face my guilt until now.
Because guilt is a monster
that gets stronger
and takes over everything we have
if we don't deal with it.
I dreamed of my mother once.
She was covered in blood,
begging me for help.
Like at the car crash.
I have to find whoever did it,
or she'll never rest in peace.
Well, I…
I'll do everything I can,
but I can't promise anything.
Boss.
Another daughter.
Do you think when…
When people die,
they keep lurking around
if they have any scores to settle?
I had to do it.
I had to let her die.
It was either that or turning myself in.
You did what you could.
You didn't know a kid was in the car,
let alone yours.
First Manny, then a nun.
And now this one.
The nun's not dangerous,
Manny is dead and the other one…
I'll fly over there
and get rid of the witness, no worries.
You know how many broads I've screwed?
Who knows how many kids
are running around out there?
It must be at the confirmation hearing
and I need to be up front
where he can see me.
What do you need?
A VIP pass like the ones politicians have.
I can call Julia,
but not knowing what they look like…
I know of a better place.
A direct way and the perfect place.
Manny, the wig and the jacket
are only if you need to go outside.
Nobody knows I'm dead
where I'm talking about.
You were right, Inés.
The medical research is great news.
I'd be nothing but grateful to you
and this noble institution
for taking care of my mom.
I also wanted…
to apologize
for overreacting like that.
No problem.
It's only natural
for you to worry about her.
I committed the sin of arrogance.
I prayed all weekend.
I asked God
to grant me tolerance and humility.
May I see my mom?
Only if you think it's safe, of course.
What have they done to her, Hugo?
I don't know, but they sent her back
to the same galaxy.
Look after her, Hugo.
She's on an IV now
that the boss Inés monitors personally.
Yes, do whatever Inés says,
but I need you to protect her
while I find a way to get her out of here.
Only the dead and the dying
ever leave this place.
YUCATÁN
As I told the young lady,
there's no reason to think
the woman didn't die instantly.
I'm investigating the case,
so I need to review the evidence.
ACTRESS NICTÉ MAI DEAD
Aren't there any witnesses?
She says a guy named Yumil
rescued her after the crash.
Can I speak with him?
That's him, but don't get your hopes up.
He says he rescued the girl from the car,
but also that Malinche
reincarnated seven times
and she's the new governor.
Mr. Yumil, I'm Víctor.
I work for a Mexico City law firm.
Look.
What a great actor you are, Yumil.
You should be acting in soaps.
Not only did the old man recognize him,
Rodríguez took a video
while Víctor questioned him
with Marroquín's picture in it,
he's sending it to me.
Thanks, Lorenzo!
I only spoke with my colleague.
You did all the hard work.
I have to go.
I only came to give you the good news.
Good luck.
Well, well.
Look who showed up.
Thanks for taking me back.
Did you book Mr. Suárez?
He paid for two hours.
No cameras, right?
I know, but I need the money.
-Okay. Go get ready.
-Thanks.
I'm leaving. Will that be all?
How does she look since she came back?
Bad, she looks like a zombie.
Why, boss?
Dr. Zapata's report says that Alice
didn't respond well to the treatment.
Her brain damage is permanent.
She could die at any time.
Are you ready, Mr. Suárez?
-Thank you, Gallo.
-Go right ahead.
Don't worry, man.
Your boss is in good hands.
Two. Tequila or mezcal?
-Tequila.
-Two tequilas.
It's not him I'm worried about.
He snorted three lines of coke
and almost a whole bottle of whiskey.
It's your stripper I'm worried about.
No worries.
Manny can take care of herself, dude.
Did you say Manny?
Yes, she's back.
It's as if she came back
from the grave, dude.
-Suárez, listen to me.
-Shut up.
Be quiet.
That's it.
-Suárez, listen.
-No.
-Suárez.
-Enjoy it.
Listen, Suárez.
-I said no, you whore.
-Wait.
No way!
Are you okay?
Calm down. I'm his driver. Are you okay?
Weren't you dead?
Fede went to your funeral.
I need your help.
Lord help me!
Where am I, dude?
-Where am I?
-We're in your room, sir.
Sir.
VIP ACCESS
See you tomorrow at noon, sir?
Your sister can sit next to Marroquín
with this.
Don't worry about him.
He'll wake up very late tomorrow.
Okay?
Thanks.
Sure.
I worry about Federico.
About deceiving him.
But it's for his sake.
It's the last favor I need.
Don't tell him anything.
Look, I'm only doing this
because if it's true
he almost screwed his sister,
his dad deserves
to have his balls cut off.
-Where to?
-Santa María de los Ángeles convent.
What?
Nothing.
Or your place.
I saw you flirting with him.
I didn't even see who was asking
to take a picture.
You wanted him to grope you, didn't you?
-Don't touch me.
-Women are such sluts!
Call Daniel tomorrow.
Tell him we're not playing on Thursday.
No. We have to be there.
-You have a date with that guy, right?
-Oh, please!
You know what?
We're never playing in that damn bar!
It's not the only one.
You know what?
Don't go if you don't want to.
I can't do that to Daniel.
Don't act like a whore with me.
You hear me?
Nobody makes a fool of me.
Not you or any woman.
Let go!
Asshole.
His ex-girlfriend
had to get a restraining order
to keep him away from her.
Why didn't you tell me?
The wedding was inevitable.
And I thought Pocho would change.
That relationship must end.
Or the scary vision I had of Matilde
on her wedding day will come true.
Come in.
Sorry about the mess.
Want something to drink?
What are you doing?
Returning the favor.
I know nothing is free.
You're a nice guy. I want to do it.
The first time I saw you dancing
at the club,
I thought a woman like you
would never look at a guy like me.
You're one of most beautiful women
I've ever seen, Manny.
Want me to fix dinner?
The doctor was very hopeful
the treatment would work.
I know.
We knew we'd lose her some day.
But not so soon.
Can we move her to the convent?
It would be very comforting
to keep her company and pray with her
while she's alive.
I'll ask the doctor if it's okay.
He makes all the decisions.
Thank you, Inés.
May God repay you a hundredfold
for helping my mom.
I HAD TO LEAVE EARLY
HERE'S MY NUMBER. GOOD LUCK, MANNY!
I'm authorizing the transfer
due to the patient's condition.
Forgive me for asking, Doctor,
but what happened?
It was so sudden.
Inés, nobody can know about this.
After her seizure,
the order was to use very high doses
to relax the nervous system.
But I can't say that in the report, can I?
I understand, Doctor.
-Don't worry about it.
-Bye.
I kept my part of the deal.
I reported brain damage and authorized
her transfer to the convent.
Did you notify the foundation?
I sent it to a trustee who is abroad,
so the red flags won't pop up too fast.
Now do your part and issue my pardon
and my protection status
in exchange for the information.
We will.
After you repeat everything you told me
in your office.
On tape this time.
No video, no deal,
and you'll go to jail without a deal.
Don't be like that. Cheer up.
Twenty years working for the devil.
Wasn't it time to switch sides?
-Víctor's here for you.
-Tell him I'm coming.
You'll be fine, Simón.
You wrote your speech a month ago.
You'll be fine.
Right.
I'm coming.
Take it easy.
The geezer is nuts, boss.
Nobody would be surprised if he died
of a heart attack or something at night.
Let me know if that helps.
You've been doing the family's dirty work
for years now,
without ever hesitating for a second.
Can you sleep?
My job is to protect you guys, boss.
I sleep like a log.
Please, let us interview you, sir.
Come on. It's for channel six, please!
Honorable senators,
I'll tell you more about my past
in a moment,
but first I'd like to thank you
for the opportunity
to address you here today.
First of all I want to…
Excuse me.
I was saying that I'd like to begin
with my experience…
Where do you stand on abortion?
Valentina de la Paz, Alternativa Magazine.
Where do you stand regarding women
who are forced to have abortions?
Whose crime is it,
hers or the man forcing her?
I'll do it.
What's the matter?
Can't you answer my question?
Sorry about that, Mr. Marroquín.
Please continue.
Yes.
As I was saying, as an attorney,
and a volunteer for five years in area 23,
that helped me to continue learning
how the system worked.
I grew there little by little studying law
and working hard…
Valentina.
Cheers.
Lots of guys wish they had your balls.
Simón acted weird from the beginning.
It's his guilty conscience.
I felt it at his office.
We toast with champagne, not beer,
when he's locked up.
Yes!
Before I forget,
here's Dr. Zapata's video confession
that Marroquín ordered him
to drug Alice all these years
to keep her quiet.
Thanks.
We need to toast again.
My mom was transferred.
Really? Congratulations!
Cheers.
Hey!
Well… okay.
My cue to leave.
Me too, before my mom
starts calling me like crazy.
-Right.
-You're back at the apartment?
Simón left Mom in peace when I died.
And I really can't take another Mass, nun.
Okay, detective,
I think we need to leave too,
because Valentina
needs to prepare for tomorrow.
-Please.
-Let's go.
Be careful.
-Bye.
VALENTINA DE LA PAZ
THIS ACCOUNT IS PRIVATE
What? She blocked me?
No way!
Damn!
There you are.
You looked like a damn rookie.
As if you'd never been on a damn podium.
I couldn't sleep last night.
I'm exhausted.
That's all I needed!
Master Marroquín needs eight hours sleep
to talk as if he has a brain.
I'll patch things up
with Bernardo tomorrow.
I'll have to make up a story,
say you're sick or something, dammit!
Rogelio.
Who is that reporter? What did she want?
I think she's from Alternativa magazine.
A loser trying to go viral,
or whatever it's called.
Catalina.
Look after your husband.
A lot depends on his nomination.
Yes.
I know.
Do you need anything
before I go to bed, ma'am?
No one can know what's in the letter
you took out of the pool, Gracie.
Especially Simón.
What letter, ma'am?
Whatever it is, please be careful.
Mr. Simón is acting really weird recently.
See you tomorrow.
A young lady's here to see you, sir.
-I'm not seeing anyone.
-Just five minutes.
Call security.
Please let me explain.
It was nothing personal. My mother was…
None of my business.
You knew her. Her name was Rosa Martínez.
A man got her pregnant
and forced her to abort.
I'm here because she escaped.
I found out two months ago
when she died, sir.
An abortion?
Simón, I'm four months pregnant.
You either do it,
or you and your family will suffer.
Got it?
Reporting violence against women
is my life's work.
But this time
my feelings got the better of me,
which is unprofessional.
And I'm here to apologize.
And also, if I may,
to ask that
when you're Minister of Justice
to help reform the Victim Protection Act.
Do it for my mom,
who that man caused so much pain.
She was very attached
to you and your family.
I'm sure that wherever she is,
she will repay you.
That's all.
Have a nice day.
So now I'm losing my mind.
Boss, you're not sure she's your kid.
What are you, stupid?
Rosa Martínez. A guy forced her to abort.
You knew that brat and the other one
were alive.
You're up to your neck in this shit.
What do you know?
You're not thinking straight.
I took Rosa to Dr. Salgado.
She assured me the procedure was done.
I saw the medical report.
I showed you the photos, remember?
The woman told her daughter
and she's lying to blackmail you.
Leave.
-Boss.
-Get out.
The offices are up there.
See? All of that.
-We could open a bar or something.
-Great.
See? Cutting-edge technology.
Wow, Uncle! I can't believe it!
Well, start believing.
This will be a huge success.
Look. This is Camilo.
I finally meet the genius brewer.
Nice to meet you. I'm impressed.
-Do you like it?
-It's awesome.
-Thank you.
-No. Thank you.
-Bye.
Julia, help me!
You again, you bastard? Leave her alone!
I can't believe this guy is back.
A year ago he raped a little girl,
a friend's child.
Can you believe
he only did one week in jail?
Calm down. It's over.
What are you looking at?
Go away.
Go away!
Simón has you under surveillance
because he thinks we're allies.
It's a good thing you saw him.
If that rapist hadn't appeared,
he would've followed me to your place
and ruined our plan.
There's no such thing as coincidence.
You really need to report him now.
I'm not worried about him anymore.
I'll explain later.
We'd better not see each other
for a few days.
I'll be at Tomás' place.
Keep in touch and be careful.
See you. Bye.
These are the doctor's instructions.
Hugo will take her vitals every morning
to see how she's doing.
God will repay you
for helping our dear Alice, Inés.
A hundredfold.
Hugo.
-Excuse me.
-Sister Consuelo.
Thanks for helping us.
My pleasure, Caridad.
I knew it was God's will
for me to study nursing for a year
before taking my vows.
They say it's a matter of time
for Alice to get rid of all the drugs
in her system.
Dr. Zapata's report
tells us what the problem is
and how to fix it.
She'll be up and chatting in no time.
It's a work in progress.
Why would she block me on Instagram, dude?
I said it's a work in progress.
Sometimes I park in front of her place
and watch her window.
You're kidding.
There's nothing weird going on.
-So why do it?
-I can't get her out of my head.
Seriously, dude. I see her everywhere.
I need to know what happened.
Maybe not knowing is better?
Seriously, maybe she's terminal,
or getting married, or whatever.
Dude, forget about her.
Take my advice.
Thanks for being a good friend.
The two girls haven't met?
No, they live far apart,
so unless it's by phone,
they haven't made any contact.
Do I keep watching them?
No, not anymore.
What about the lady doctor?
She moved from the address you gave me.
Looks like she retired.
Okay. No worries. Let's go.
Yes?
Dr. Salgado for you, sir.
She says it's urgent. It's her third call.
I took Rosa to Dr. Salgado.
Put her through.
Yes?
Mr. Marroquín.
This is Dr. Salgado,
the gynecologist you contacted to…
I know. What do you want?
A woman claiming to be a reporter
came looking for me.
She wants to know who paid
for Rosa Martínez's abortion.
Maybe she asked
who's the moron you tricked?
Then you know I didn't…
Yes, I know I have a daughter out there
who should've never been born.
But I forgot to thank you.
Please, put yourself in my shoes.
Rosa swore no one would find out.
She felt the baby, heard its heartbeats.
So, now you want more money
to not sic the hounds on me?
No, I denied everything.
I said I knew nothing about it,
that it was another Dr. Salgado.
But if this gets leaked,
I'll lose my license and maybe go to jail.
I only called to make sure
you'll protect me.
Like I protected you back then.
I trust you will, sir.
Thanks for doing this.
Still mad at me?
I'm not mad at you, Pocho, I'm worried.
We owe the rent and lots of bills.
I said I'd get another job and I will.
Can I have a kiss?
THE PLAN STILL STANDS
8 PM
What, are you going solo?
Yes, I had a little fight with Pocho
and I don't want to ditch you.
You know singing helps me forget.
Ask Claudio to upload the tracks
for your songs.
Thanks. I'll start at 8:00, okay?
He's not well, Víctor.
He canceled four big meetings, won't eat.
Should I call Catalina?
You can go. I'll take care of it.
She won't rest in peace.
You laced my damn drink that evening
and raped me.
A man forced her to abort.
That's why I'm here.
An abortion, Simón?
I'm four months pregnant.
The honorable Justice Minister
screwed his sister-in-law
while his wife was pregnant.
Guilt is a monster…
Boss.
You can go.
Anonymous:
I can explain all this. Bar Fénix, 8 PM.
Why is that bastard here?
-He's looking for Matilde.
-No, he doesn't know she exists.
It's no coincidence, Claudio.
What else can it be?
Bravo!
This is a very special evening
because it's been 17 years
since I said goodbye to my mom
in a Colombian town.
So I'm dedicating this tonight to you,
Dominga Heredia.
Stay calm.
Subtitle translation by: Ricardo Espinoza